#lookup table for non-human player characters

##Start with a vaugley humanoid character. 
You'll modify this.
Roll one d6 to choose the table you are looking at, roll a second d6 to see what option from that table you get.
Do this twice. you now have those two cliche(1) or a single cliche(2).
eg roll 3 then 3 and 5 then 3, I get Anesthetics (1), Small wings (1). I'm going to call this race Lethbat
If they counteract each other you keep both, 
eg I roll Dazzling Feathers and Chameoleon Skin, and explain it with the feathers being a ruff that only stands up when I'm agitated.
You can add Bonus+ words to these cliches in play like normal. That is the only way to increase them.
example: I rolled Echolcation, and later on in the game I want to improve it. I'm an Entertainer, so I use 1 xp to add Glittering+ to it to get Glittering Echolocation(2)
Fear the sequins.

Tables
1 - Senses
2 - Body
3 - Chemical
4 - Resistances
5 - Limbs
6 - Covering


1- Senses
  1 - Infrared sense
  2 - Tremor sense
  3 - Enhanced sense (choose)
  4 - Echolocation
  5 - Danger sense
  6 - Nose for emotion

2 - Body
  1 - Small/Big body (choose)
  2 - Natural climber/swimmer/burrower (choose)
  3 - Flexible bones/Treble Jointed (choose) 
  4 - Strong muscles
  5 - Lightweight/Heavyweight body (choose)
  6 - Slow regeneration 

3 - Chemicals
  1 - Toxins
  2 - Pheromones
  3 - Anaesthetics
  4 - Webbing/glue 
  5 - Bombardier/Skunk spray (choose)
  6 - Digestive juices

4 - Resistances
  1 - Fire/Coldproof (choose)
  2 - Natural armour
  3 - Poison immune
  4 - Gills/Gas sacs (choose)
  5 - Redundant organs
  6 - Magic resistant

5 - Limbs
  1 - Prehensile tail/tounge (choose)
  2 - Extra limbs
  3 - Small wings/glider membrane (choose)
  4 - Natural weapons
  5 - Eye stalks
  6 - Precise control
  
6 - Covering (you should roll an extra dice to get two words, eg Dazzling Slime)
  1 - Tough                +scales                  
  2 - Weatherproof     +fur
  3 - Dazzling            +feathers
  4-  Scary                +spines
  5 - Chameleon         +skin
  6 - Slippery            +slime



###PLAYING A HUMAN - if you insist on a species trait for being human, they are Endurance(1) and Throwing Stuff(1)

Question - are you looking to have a family, a village, beliefs, language? Wrong place. 
Any species has at least a village. In the village you have pretty much every career represented. Not all dwarf's are miners. 
Someone has to shovel the shit and someone has to grow tomatoes in it.

Question - are you looking for to optimise your fighting skills Mr Half Ork?, Wrong place 
These results are meant to be for people wanting a different flavour, not tons of salt.
They are meant to capture weird abilities that might come into play sometimes. You can
